Mort Gloss Bio:Raised in the picturesque comforts of southern Idaho, Mort Gloss developed an enduring fascination for atheists in the afterlife, intergalactic warfare, evolving concepts of socially acceptable body image, chance vs. design hypotheses concerning the origin of the universe, has-been heavy metal bands, and fast-food tacos. When not writing fiction, Mort works as a regulatory attorney. He loves his wife, his kids, and store-bought cookies. Contact him at mort.gloss@gmail.com.Atheist Welcoming Committee Description:What if everything you believed about the afterlife was demolished by a freight train?Atticus is living his best life as a successful trial lawyer and apologist for atheismĐuntil a locomotive comes barreling through his brain matter. But rather than the oblivion he preached during mortality, he is introduced to an unexpected afterlife where immortality is a community, memories can be revisited in perfect clarity, and the enigmatic "neverborns" seek control over the living and the dead. Guided by the Atheist Welcoming Committee and a sarcastic mentor named Duck, Atticus is forced to unravel a cosmic mystery thatŐs as hilarious as it is profound.Readers who enjoyed C.S. LewisŐs The Great Divorce and The Screwtape Letters will appreciate this literary dive into the hereafter. While it shares the dark, existential curiosity of Steven L. PeckŐs A Short Stay in Hell, it offers a much lighter, comedic twist on the unknown.Balloon Boy and the Porcupine Pals Boxed Set Description:Balloon has always been a morbidly obese moron. But recently, something about his feeble brain has changed. Every time he guesses, heŐs right. Victory, the girl heŐs been crushing on for over 10 years, needs his abilities to save her dying father. Desperate for her affection, Balloon agrees to help. ThereŐs only one catch: the cure is over 29 million light years away, perched on a pedestal at the center of the Sombrero Galaxy.Transforming his single-wide trailer into a white trash spaceship, Balloon races to save VictoryŐs father. Along the way, he encounters an alien regime bent on his annihilation and a few new friends who feed him tacos. As you enjoy this complete trilogy edition, you will follow Balloon and his pals as they travel through space and time, solve the ultimate mysteries of the cosmos, and come face to face with certain death.